Adding build details for the dev kit (#96)
Azure-Samples/iot-middleware-freertos-samples: demos/projects/ST/b-l475e-iot01a/VSCodeDebug.md

* You might need to restart VS Code so the terminal can recognize any changes to the PATH before proceeding to the next steps.

> ## Setup the Debugger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set Up the Debugger
```

    Set-ExecutionPolicy Restricted
    ```

* On VSCode:
    * Click the menu `View/Command Pallette` (or CTRL+SHIFT+P)
    * Select `Tasks:Run Task`
    * Select `Build b-l475e-iot01a`

>     The script will automatically setup your machine for debugging using the B-L475E-IOT01A dev kit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The script will automatically set up your machine for debugging using the B-L475E-IOT01A dev kit. 
```
